[Music]
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction it is the true story of the life
I was about to lead
how is she very ill dangerously oh she's
dead
we're very sorry
I can easily recall people of strong
character warning the too early for
sherry a little early
[Music]
and we've their memory have been former
cue into my life's journey
we're ruined like a castle - how can we
be ruined like a big castle we keep him
as a little pair it was a joke I'm sorry
I've been attempting to learn
gentleman's humor from a book
[Music]
this calls for a celebration parade
this is a remarkable day did you a that
I'm a huge maniac father thank you we
have had huh
what are you doing medicine reviving you
this is salad dressing it
thank you sir what was your name
Copperfield Copperfield caught the field
this crop will cross a field David
Copperfield like a woman very kind
you